So now with all the work spend on reducers actions you should have a good understanding of how NTR X
works and how you add to your project.
Now as I said it might be overkill for a project of that size and on the other hand you can also dive
deeper and explore more features of NCR ex.
This is no entry or X specific course though.
I just want to show how you could fit it into this project especially since we use angle of fire here
in the training service and the office service we've already got a very nice way of managing our data
exchanges and have for example the entire all flow being managed for us behind the scenes which takes
a lot of work for us and also makes tools like NGO your X therefore less important maybe and with that
we got a nice looking and working application with Angle a material angle of fire and as you are x let's
prepare it for deployment.